The white house is suspending cnn chief white house correspondent jim acosta's press
pass until further notice. The word came down hours after a cost to ask the president
questions at the news conference this afternoon. Jim joins us now, so takes through
what's going on. Yeah, I went back to the white house, actually do ah, live shot
for your program just before eight o'clock and when I arrived at the gate, he secret
service came out and inform me that my press credentials were being I
guess revoked, temporarily suspended, and the secret service officer came over to
me and asked me to hand over my credential. And I did, and I told him I said, listen,
I know you're a professional. You're just doing your job. Oh, and thanks for your
service and handed in my credential I've had for five years. I want to read
reaction from a few your colleagues covering the white house. Jeff mason from reuters
has tweeted. I was seated next to acosta today's press conference and did not witness
am placing his hands. That's in quotes on. The young intern in the white house alleges
he held onto the microphone as she reached for him. Peter baker from the new york
times. Tweeted. False predicated to punish a reporter. This is what the president
wants. If he really thought at acosta was unfair, then why did he call in him? Because
he wants the confrontation. Maggie haberman tweeting acosta, who? The white house's
alleging quote placed his hands on the young intern said quote, pardon me, ma'am,
as he tried to ask his question. Also want to read a statement that cnn's just
released? The statement reads. The white house announced tonight that it has revoked
the press pass of cnn chief white house correspondent jim acosta. It was done in
retaliation for his challenging questions at today's press conference. In the explanation,
press secretary sarah sanders lied. She provided fraudulent accusations, incited
an incident that never happened. This unprecedented decision is a threat to our democracy,
and the country deserves better. Jim acosta has our full support.
Anything else? Well, I was, you know, I was just trying to ask a question of the
president at this press conference, and it was obviously a question they didn't like.
It was about his racist ad on the caravan that they were running before the midterms.
Hey, and I, we're going back and fourth there, and as you can see in this video,
this in turn came up to me. I think they're describing her as an intern. I don't
really know who she is and attempted to take the micro phone away from me. All I
can say at that point is that I was trying to hang on to the microphone so I could
continue to ask the president questions. Obviously, you know, I didn't put
my hands on her or touch her as they're alleging. And it's just unfortunate that
the white house is saying this. You know, we all try to be professionals over there,
and I think I handled myself professionally, and I appreciate all of the comments
from my colleagues. I do think, anderson, that this is a test for all of us.
I do think they're tryingto shut us down to some extent inside
the white house press corps. And to some extent, I think they're trying to send a
message to our colleagues and you had no advance warning this. This was simply when
you got to the white house to go do a live shot. You were just informed by secret
service. Yeah, I saw the statement on my phone from sarah sanders that my press
credentials were being revoked. I thought, well, maybe I'll get inside the white
house for one more live shot on your show. And at that point, I was simply
blocked from entering the entering the facility. As matter of fact, there was an
officer who stood in front of the doorway to the security booth that I've gone through
every day for the last year, every working day that come to the white house for the
last five years. So it was a pretty surreal experience. I never thought in this country
that I wouldn't be able to go and cover the president united states simply because
I was trying to ask a question. Jim acosta. Um, little stand and we'll see what happens
very much appreciated.